Update technical design doc (#224)
Princeton-CDH/remarx: docs/technical-design-document.md

#### Application Interface

This component is a Marimo notebook designed to run in application mode, which will provide a graphical user interface to the `remarx` software.
This interface will allow users to run both the sentence corpus builder and the core pipeline.
This notebook will allow users to select and upload input original and reuse texts and sentence corpora.

> The notebook will internally call the core software programs.

Author: Hmm... how's this sound instead?
```suggestion
The notebook will contain minimal code and primarily call methods within the `remarx` package.
```
